Clarify release readme that refers to badges (#3545)
earthly/earthly: release/README.md

  cd release
  env -i HOME="$HOME" PATH="$PATH" SSH_AUTH_SOCK="$SSH_AUTH_SOCK" RELEASE_TAG="$RELEASE_TAG" USER="$USER" PRERELEASE="$PRERELEASE" ./release.sh
  ```
* Wait for the [Merge main to docs-0.7](../.github/workflows/release-merge-docs.yml) workflow to complete; this workflow automatically merges `main` into `docs-0.7`. You can watch for it here: [![Merge main to docs-0.7](https://github.com/earthly/earthly/actions/workflows/release-merge-docs.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/earthly/earthly/actions/workflows/release-merge-docs.yml)  
In case the workflow fails the manual process is:
  ```shell
    git checkout docs-0.7 && git pull && git merge main && git push
    ```
* Updating the Earthly version in our docs:

>   [Renovate](https://www.mend.io/renovate/) will open a PR targeting `docs-0.7` branch to update all docs as soon as a new release is available in this repo which you should then review & merge (An example PR can be found [here](https://github.com/earthly/earthly/pull/3285/files)).

Reviewer: or maybe we can have the renovate PR mention this warning in it instead?

>   [Renovate](https://www.mend.io/renovate/) will open a PR targeting `docs-0.7` branch to update all docs as soon as a new release is available in this repo which you should then review & merge (An example PR can be found [here](https://github.com/earthly/earthly/pull/3285/files)).

Reviewer: after chatting with @idodod over a secret communication protocol, we've decided the ordering of the merges doesn't matter.

  cd release
  env -i HOME="$HOME" PATH="$PATH" SSH_AUTH_SOCK="$SSH_AUTH_SOCK" RELEASE_TAG="$RELEASE_TAG" USER="$USER" PRERELEASE="$PRERELEASE" ./release.sh
  ```

> * Wait for A post release Github job to merge `main` branch to `docs-0.7` branch; you can watch for it here:

Reviewer: I would be a bit more explicit about the job we're waiting for, something along the lines of:

```suggestion
* Wait for the [name of workflow](link to workflow.yml] to complete; this workflow automatically merges `main` into `docs-0.7`. You can watch for it here:
```

Reviewer: Additionally it could be helpful to include a description about what to do if the automatic merge fails, which will occur from time to time.

    `git checkout main && git push`

<!-- vale HouseStyle.Spelling = YES -->

> * Wait for A post release Github job to validate https://docs.earthly.dev does not contain any broken links; you can watch for it here:

Reviewer: similar request, can you link to the workflow here.
